c:\users\mcoffey\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\RateMyAmenity.dll
c:\users\mcoffey\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\RateMyAmenity.pdb
c:\users\mcoffey\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\mcoffey\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\mcoffey\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\mcoffey\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\mcoffey\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\mcoffey\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\mcoffey\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
c:\users\mcoffey\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\mcoffey\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\mcoffey\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\mcoffey\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\mcoffey\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\mcoffey\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\mcoffey\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\mcoffey\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\mcoffey\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\mcoffey\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\mcoffey\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\mcoffey\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\mcoffey\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\mcoffey\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\mcoffey\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\mcoffey\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
c:\users\mcoffey\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\mcoffey\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\mcoffey\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\mcoffey\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\mcoffey\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\mcoffey\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\mcoffey\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\mcoffey\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\mcoffey\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\mcoffey\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\obj\Debug\RateMyAmenity.dll
c:\users\mcoffey\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\obj\Debug\RateMyAmenity.pdb
C:\Users\mcoffey\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\RateMyAmenity.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\RateMyAmenity.pdb
C:\Users\mcoffey\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\mcoffey\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\mcoffey\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\Users\mcoffey\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\mcoffey\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
C:\Users\mcoffey\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\mcoffey\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\mcoffey\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\mcoffey\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\mcoffey\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\mcoffey\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\mcoffey\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\mcoffey\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\mcoffey\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\mcoffey\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\obj\Debug\RateMyAmenity.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\obj\Debug\RateMyAmenity.pdb
C:\Users\mcoffey\Documents\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\RateMyAmenity.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\Documents\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\RateMyAmenity.pdb
C:\Users\mcoffey\Documents\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\Documents\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\Documents\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\LumenWorks.Framework.IO.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\Documents\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\Documents\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\Documents\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\Documents\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\Documents\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\Documents\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\Documents\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\Documents\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\Documents\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\Documents\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\Documents\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\Documents\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\Documents\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\Documents\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\Documents\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\Documents\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\Documents\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\LumenWorks.Framework.IO.xml
C:\Users\mcoffey\Documents\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\mcoffey\Documents\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\mcoffey\Documents\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\Users\mcoffey\Documents\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\mcoffey\Documents\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
C:\Users\mcoffey\Documents\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\mcoffey\Documents\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\mcoffey\Documents\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\mcoffey\Documents\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\mcoffey\Documents\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\mcoffey\Documents\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\mcoffey\Documents\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\mcoffey\Documents\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\mcoffey\Documents\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\mcoffey\Documents\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\obj\Debug\RateMyAmenity.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\Documents\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\obj\Debug\RateMyAmenity.pdb
C:\Users\mcoffey\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\RateMyAmenity.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\RateMyAmenity.pdb
C:\Users\mcoffey\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\LumenWorks.Framework.IO.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\LumenWorks.Framework.IO.xml
C:\Users\mcoffey\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\mcoffey\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\mcoffey\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\Users\mcoffey\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\mcoffey\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
C:\Users\mcoffey\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\mcoffey\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\mcoffey\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\mcoffey\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\mcoffey\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\mcoffey\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\mcoffey\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\mcoffey\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\mcoffey\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\mcoffey\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\obj\Debug\RateMyAmenity.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\obj\Debug\RateMyAmenity.pdb
C:\Users\mcoffey\Documents\temp\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\RateMyAmenity.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\Documents\temp\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\RateMyAmenity.pdb
C:\Users\mcoffey\Documents\temp\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\Documents\temp\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\Documents\temp\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\LumenWorks.Framework.IO.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\Documents\temp\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\Documents\temp\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\Documents\temp\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\Documents\temp\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\Documents\temp\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\Documents\temp\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\Documents\temp\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\Documents\temp\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\Documents\temp\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\Documents\temp\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\Documents\temp\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\Documents\temp\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\Documents\temp\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\Documents\temp\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\Documents\temp\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\Documents\temp\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\Documents\temp\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\LumenWorks.Framework.IO.xml
C:\Users\mcoffey\Documents\temp\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\mcoffey\Documents\temp\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\mcoffey\Documents\temp\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\Users\mcoffey\Documents\temp\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\mcoffey\Documents\temp\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
C:\Users\mcoffey\Documents\temp\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\mcoffey\Documents\temp\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\mcoffey\Documents\temp\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\mcoffey\Documents\temp\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\mcoffey\Documents\temp\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\mcoffey\Documents\temp\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\mcoffey\Documents\temp\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\mcoffey\Documents\temp\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\mcoffey\Documents\temp\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\mcoffey\Documents\temp\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\obj\Debug\RateMyAmenity.dll
C:\Users\mcoffey\Documents\temp\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\obj\Debug\RateMyAmenity.pdb
C:\Users\brian\Documents\GitHub\EF_Project.git\wirefame\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\RateMyAmenity.dll
C:\Users\brian\Documents\GitHub\EF_Project.git\wirefame\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\RateMyAmenity.pdb
C:\Users\brian\Documents\GitHub\EF_Project.git\wirefame\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\brian\Documents\GitHub\EF_Project.git\wirefame\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\brian\Documents\GitHub\EF_Project.git\wirefame\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\LumenWorks.Framework.IO.dll
C:\Users\brian\Documents\GitHub\EF_Project.git\wirefame\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\brian\Documents\GitHub\EF_Project.git\wirefame\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\brian\Documents\GitHub\EF_Project.git\wirefame\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Users\brian\Documents\GitHub\EF_Project.git\wirefame\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\brian\Documents\GitHub\EF_Project.git\wirefame\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
C:\Users\brian\Documents\GitHub\EF_Project.git\wirefame\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\brian\Documents\GitHub\EF_Project.git\wirefame\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\brian\Documents\GitHub\EF_Project.git\wirefame\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\brian\Documents\GitHub\EF_Project.git\wirefame\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\brian\Documents\GitHub\EF_Project.git\wirefame\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\brian\Documents\GitHub\EF_Project.git\wirefame\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\brian\Documents\GitHub\EF_Project.git\wirefame\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\brian\Documents\GitHub\EF_Project.git\wirefame\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\brian\Documents\GitHub\EF_Project.git\wirefame\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\brian\Documents\GitHub\EF_Project.git\wirefame\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\brian\Documents\GitHub\EF_Project.git\wirefame\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\brian\Documents\GitHub\EF_Project.git\wirefame\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\LumenWorks.Framework.IO.xml
C:\Users\brian\Documents\GitHub\EF_Project.git\wirefame\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\brian\Documents\GitHub\EF_Project.git\wirefame\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\brian\Documents\GitHub\EF_Project.git\wirefame\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\Users\brian\Documents\GitHub\EF_Project.git\wirefame\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\brian\Documents\GitHub\EF_Project.git\wirefame\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
C:\Users\brian\Documents\GitHub\EF_Project.git\wirefame\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\brian\Documents\GitHub\EF_Project.git\wirefame\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\brian\Documents\GitHub\EF_Project.git\wirefame\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\brian\Documents\GitHub\EF_Project.git\wirefame\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\brian\Documents\GitHub\EF_Project.git\wirefame\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\brian\Documents\GitHub\EF_Project.git\wirefame\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\brian\Documents\GitHub\EF_Project.git\wirefame\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\brian\Documents\GitHub\EF_Project.git\wirefame\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\brian\Documents\GitHub\EF_Project.git\wirefame\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\obj\Debug\RateMyAmenity.dll
C:\Users\brian\Documents\GitHub\EF_Project.git\wirefame\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\obj\Debug\RateMyAmenity.pdb
C:\Users\brian\Desktop\7thJuly\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\RateMyAmenity.dll
C:\Users\brian\Desktop\7thJuly\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\RateMyAmenity.pdb
C:\Users\brian\Desktop\7thJuly\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\brian\Desktop\7thJuly\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\brian\Desktop\7thJuly\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\LumenWorks.Framework.IO.dll
C:\Users\brian\Desktop\7thJuly\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\brian\Desktop\7thJuly\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\brian\Desktop\7thJuly\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Users\brian\Desktop\7thJuly\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\brian\Desktop\7thJuly\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
C:\Users\brian\Desktop\7thJuly\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\brian\Desktop\7thJuly\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\brian\Desktop\7thJuly\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\brian\Desktop\7thJuly\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\brian\Desktop\7thJuly\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\brian\Desktop\7thJuly\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\brian\Desktop\7thJuly\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\brian\Desktop\7thJuly\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\brian\Desktop\7thJuly\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\brian\Desktop\7thJuly\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\brian\Desktop\7thJuly\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\brian\Desktop\7thJuly\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\LumenWorks.Framework.IO.xml
C:\Users\brian\Desktop\7thJuly\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\brian\Desktop\7thJuly\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\brian\Desktop\7thJuly\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\Users\brian\Desktop\7thJuly\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\brian\Desktop\7thJuly\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
C:\Users\brian\Desktop\7thJuly\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\brian\Desktop\7thJuly\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\brian\Desktop\7thJuly\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\brian\Desktop\7thJuly\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\brian\Desktop\7thJuly\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\brian\Desktop\7thJuly\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\brian\Desktop\7thJuly\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\brian\Desktop\7thJuly\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\brian\Desktop\7thJuly\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\obj\Debug\RateMyAmenity.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\brian\Desktop\7thJuly\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\obj\Debug\RateMyAmenity.dll
C:\Users\brian\Desktop\7thJuly\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\obj\Debug\RateMyAmenity.pdb
C:\Users\Gerry\Documents\GitHub\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\RateMyAmenity.dll
C:\Users\Gerry\Documents\GitHub\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\RateMyAmenity.pdb
C:\Users\Gerry\Documents\GitHub\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Gerry\Documents\GitHub\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Gerry\Documents\GitHub\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\LumenWorks.Framework.IO.dll
C:\Users\Gerry\Documents\GitHub\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Gerry\Documents\GitHub\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Gerry\Documents\GitHub\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Users\Gerry\Documents\GitHub\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Gerry\Documents\GitHub\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
C:\Users\Gerry\Documents\GitHub\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Gerry\Documents\GitHub\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Gerry\Documents\GitHub\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Gerry\Documents\GitHub\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Gerry\Documents\GitHub\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Gerry\Documents\GitHub\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\Gerry\Documents\GitHub\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Gerry\Documents\GitHub\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Gerry\Documents\GitHub\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Gerry\Documents\GitHub\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Gerry\Documents\GitHub\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Gerry\Documents\GitHub\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\LumenWorks.Framework.IO.xml
C:\Users\Gerry\Documents\GitHub\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Gerry\Documents\GitHub\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Gerry\Documents\GitHub\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\Users\Gerry\Documents\GitHub\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Gerry\Documents\GitHub\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
C:\Users\Gerry\Documents\GitHub\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Gerry\Documents\GitHub\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Gerry\Documents\GitHub\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Gerry\Documents\GitHub\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Gerry\Documents\GitHub\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Gerry\Documents\GitHub\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Gerry\Documents\GitHub\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Gerry\Documents\GitHub\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Gerry\Documents\GitHub\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Gerry\Documents\GitHub\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\obj\Debug\RateMyAmenity.dll
C:\Users\Gerry\Documents\GitHub\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity2\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\obj\Debug\RateMyAmenity.pdb
F:\PGDipCloud\Semester3\Enterprise_Frameworks\Project\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\bin\RateMyAmenity.dll
F:\PGDipCloud\Semester3\Enterprise_Frameworks\Project\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\bin\RateMyAmenity.pdb
F:\PGDipCloud\Semester3\Enterprise_Frameworks\Project\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
F:\PGDipCloud\Semester3\Enterprise_Frameworks\Project\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
F:\PGDipCloud\Semester3\Enterprise_Frameworks\Project\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
F:\PGDipCloud\Semester3\Enterprise_Frameworks\Project\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
F:\PGDipCloud\Semester3\Enterprise_Frameworks\Project\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
F:\PGDipCloud\Semester3\Enterprise_Frameworks\Project\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
F:\PGDipCloud\Semester3\Enterprise_Frameworks\Project\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
F:\PGDipCloud\Semester3\Enterprise_Frameworks\Project\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
F:\PGDipCloud\Semester3\Enterprise_Frameworks\Project\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
F:\PGDipCloud\Semester3\Enterprise_Frameworks\Project\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
F:\PGDipCloud\Semester3\Enterprise_Frameworks\Project\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
F:\PGDipCloud\Semester3\Enterprise_Frameworks\Project\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
F:\PGDipCloud\Semester3\Enterprise_Frameworks\Project\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\bin\LumenWorks.Framework.IO.xml
F:\PGDipCloud\Semester3\Enterprise_Frameworks\Project\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\bin\EntityFramework.xml
F:\PGDipCloud\Semester3\Enterprise_Frameworks\Project\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.xml
F:\PGDipCloud\Semester3\Enterprise_Frameworks\Project\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
F:\PGDipCloud\Semester3\Enterprise_Frameworks\Project\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
F:\PGDipCloud\Semester3\Enterprise_Frameworks\Project\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
F:\PGDipCloud\Semester3\Enterprise_Frameworks\Project\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
F:\PGDipCloud\Semester3\Enterprise_Frameworks\Project\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
F:\PGDipCloud\Semester3\Enterprise_Frameworks\Project\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
F:\PGDipCloud\Semester3\Enterprise_Frameworks\Project\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
F:\PGDipCloud\Semester3\Enterprise_Frameworks\Project\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
F:\PGDipCloud\Semester3\Enterprise_Frameworks\Project\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
F:\PGDipCloud\Semester3\Enterprise_Frameworks\Project\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
F:\PGDipCloud\Semester3\Enterprise_Frameworks\Project\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
F:\PGDipCloud\Semester3\Enterprise_Frameworks\Project\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
F:\PGDipCloud\Semester3\Enterprise_Frameworks\Project\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
F:\PGDipCloud\Semester3\Enterprise_Frameworks\Project\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\obj\Debug\RateMyAmenity.dll
F:\PGDipCloud\Semester3\Enterprise_Frameworks\Project\EF_Project\RateMyAmenity\obj\Debug\RateMyAmenity.pdb
C:\Users\brian\Desktop\RateMyAmenity12july12\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\RateMyAmenity.dll
C:\Users\brian\Desktop\RateMyAmenity12july12\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\RateMyAmenity.pdb
C:\Users\brian\Desktop\RateMyAmenity12july12\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\brian\Desktop\RateMyAmenity12july12\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\brian\Desktop\RateMyAmenity12july12\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\LumenWorks.Framework.IO.dll
C:\Users\brian\Desktop\RateMyAmenity12july12\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\brian\Desktop\RateMyAmenity12july12\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\brian\Desktop\RateMyAmenity12july12\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Users\brian\Desktop\RateMyAmenity12july12\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\brian\Desktop\RateMyAmenity12july12\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
C:\Users\brian\Desktop\RateMyAmenity12july12\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\brian\Desktop\RateMyAmenity12july12\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\brian\Desktop\RateMyAmenity12july12\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\brian\Desktop\RateMyAmenity12july12\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\brian\Desktop\RateMyAmenity12july12\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\brian\Desktop\RateMyAmenity12july12\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\brian\Desktop\RateMyAmenity12july12\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\brian\Desktop\RateMyAmenity12july12\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\brian\Desktop\RateMyAmenity12july12\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\brian\Desktop\RateMyAmenity12july12\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\brian\Desktop\RateMyAmenity12july12\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\brian\Desktop\RateMyAmenity12july12\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\LumenWorks.Framework.IO.xml
C:\Users\brian\Desktop\RateMyAmenity12july12\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\brian\Desktop\RateMyAmenity12july12\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\brian\Desktop\RateMyAmenity12july12\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\Users\brian\Desktop\RateMyAmenity12july12\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\brian\Desktop\RateMyAmenity12july12\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
C:\Users\brian\Desktop\RateMyAmenity12july12\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\brian\Desktop\RateMyAmenity12july12\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\brian\Desktop\RateMyAmenity12july12\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\brian\Desktop\RateMyAmenity12july12\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\brian\Desktop\RateMyAmenity12july12\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\brian\Desktop\RateMyAmenity12july12\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\brian\Desktop\RateMyAmenity12july12\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\brian\Desktop\RateMyAmenity12july12\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\brian\Desktop\RateMyAmenity12july12\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\obj\Debug\RateMyAmenity.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\brian\Desktop\RateMyAmenity12july12\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\obj\Debug\RateMyAmenity.dll
C:\Users\brian\Desktop\RateMyAmenity12july12\RateMyAmenity\RateMyAmenity\obj\Debug\RateMyAmenity.pdb
